{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 **Act I**\
*INT. Counseling Room\
Enter a young woman, princess PNAME and a dragon, DNAME*\
\
C: So, what brings you to counseling?\
...\
C: It's not unusual to have difficulty labeling your issues, but the first step in any process is understanding what they are. DNAME would you like to start?\
D: I'm a dragon.\
C: I see that.\
D: And you don't see the problem there?\
C1: The only problems I can see are the problems you show me. [+h]\
C2: I understand there might be some issues of  compatibility [-h]\
C3: Is it the bad breath? [-h]\
\
D1/3:[1|The problems I show you?!] [3|*DNAME exhales steam in your face, you're scalded, you deal -1 damage until end of turn*] How about this, I'm a firebreathing lizard who's constantly eating these insufferable knights who are always coming to **SAVE** her because apparently she needs **SAVING** and no matter how many knights I kill or how much gold I bring her she always wants more and-\
P: Oh for fuck's sake.\
C: Yes PNAME?\
P: I am not asking for more gold. And I am not asking for more severed heads! You know it was cute the first couple of times, like a cat showing me what it had found, but it's too much! Do you know how many dismembered knights fits into a castle pantry?!\
\
C1:Uhhhh...\
C2:No\
C3:12?\
\
P:47! 47 Dismembered knights! Do you know how many I wanted?!\
\
C1:46?\
\
P: I wanted none!\
D: See! This is the problem, a dragon and a princess was just a bad idea\
P: Oh stop it! Your brother is a pastry chef (brainstorm jobs).\
\
C1:DNAME, do you really believe that PNAME wants you out fighting knights and raiding the <bandit> villages, or do think that because you're a dragon you need to do these things?\
C2:PNAME, what sort of dynamic are you looking for? We know you don't want - the heads of knights who have been rent limb from limb, but what do you want? What would make you happy?\
\
P2:I want more time with DNAME. I want her to find a job that doesn't have her working weird hours and weekends, beholden to whichever failson knight gets it in his head that he's my prince-charming, and always traveling on short notice to raid whichever bandit village she finds next\
\
D:[1|Maybe I am just following in my mother's footsteps, but] you know what? It's not easy to break into a new career in your 500s, and the job market here is awful.\
P:Oh here we go again.\
D:I'm just saying, there are knights and there are bandits and not much else. If you want me to learn to code then we're going to need to move somewhere-\
C:Wait, code?\
D:Coded messages. For spies. This dinky little village doesn't even have a spymaster, and there are no wars going on so why would they hire coders. But no, you refuse to move.\
P:Yeah, because after all of these years we have roots. We finally paid off our mortgage last month, I have friends, I go to spin class, I like it here!\
D:Spin class? Spin class?! You're always on that goddam spinning wheel, you complain about my job when you spend all day making pullovers and sweaters\
P:THOSE ARE THE SAME THING!\
D:FINE\
P:FINE\
...\
Well counselor what do you think, what should we do?\
C1:[Suggest]It's clear to me that you two need some time apart, I suggest you stay with a friend DNAME and after a week of this we reconvene and see how your feelings have changed.\
C2:[Suggest]What you two need is to rekindle what made you love each other in the first place, DNAME take a week off of work and stay home with PNAME. No bandit raids, no spin class. Just time together.\
\
End Act\
\
**Act II**\
*INT. Counseling Room\
Enter princess PNAME and DNAME*\
\
C1:So how has the separation gone? Have we had any realizations in our time apart?\
\
D1:PNAME, this has been awful, I want to come home, I know we're having problems but I miss you, I'll do whatever you want.\
P1:I want kids.\
...\
D1:We've talked about this.\
P1:And you've always refused\
D1:I'M A DRAGON AND YOU'RE THE PRINCESS OF CYDONIA\
P1:So? I want kids.\
D1:WE CAN'T HAVE KIDS\
\
C2:So how has this time together been? Has focusing on yourselves and each other helped to clarify your feelings?\
P2:I for one have appreciated it. DNAME finally really making time for me and letting me express myself to her.\
C2:DNAME, do you agree, have you been feeling more open with PNAME?\
D2:Yeah it's been more open, so open in fact that all she talks about is how badly she wants to have kids.\
P2:And you keep refusing\
D1:I'M A DRAGON AND YOU'RE THE PRINCESS OF CYDONIA\
P1:So? I want kids.\
D1:WE CAN'T HAVE KIDS\
\
C1:DNAME, there are alternatives to having biological children\
C2:PNAME, many people view having children as a way to get past marital strife, but you should know that children will only make your lives more complicated. Are you sure this is something you want?\
\
D1:What, you want me to just pop over to the local adoption agency right after getting my scales waxed and see what their policy is on flying monsters?\
P1:Oh come on, you're seizing gold and stealing livestock all day, you're telling me that one chubby little human would be a problem for you?\
C1:Woah, I wasn't suggesting...\
D1:And that's what you want? Something with no connection to either of us? Where neither of us are its real parents?\
C1:Before we jump to abduction maybe-\
P1:**Both** of us will be *their* real parents. Because both of us will raise them. And that's what parenting is. It's not whether we give birth or if we've got a tail and wings and they have pudgy little fingers.\
C1:So this is beautiful but I was hoping we could pause for a second on-\
D1:Aww babe, you're beautiful when you're passionate, I love you.\
P1:I love you too!\
[All of the love in the room increases your heart count by three. You now have four hearts.]\
\
C1:[Suggest]While I'm happy to see how far you've come in communicating with each other, I can't in good conscience recommend that you kidnap an infant to raise as your own.\
C2:[Suggest]I've got a neighbor whose kids been keeping me up for weeks, let me write down their address.\
\
P2:I've been asking for children for years, but DNAME is always so scared!\
D2:I'me not scared I just don't want us to fuck up a child with our dysfunctional relationship!\
P2:But we won't fuck them up! We'll be great parents!\
D2:Yeah? They can spend all day learning court etiquette with you then come torch a few farmhouses on take your kid to work day?\
P2:Yeah why not?! They'll be a great arsonist!\
D2:And how exactly will we get this child!?\
GOTO answer 1.\
\
End Act\
\
**Act III**\
*INT. Counseling Room\
Enter princess PNAME and DNAME*\
C1:So we've had a couple of sessions now, how do you feel things are coming along?\
P1,1:I'm miserable. We've spent time apart, we've given up on having children and we're no closer to solving the problems that brought us here.\
D1,1:At this point all we're doing is fighting, PNAME mopes around and there are so many more knights than there used to be, and she doesn't understand that work has to come first.\
>Insert knight scene<\
P1,1:Counselor I don't know if this is working out, what's your advice.\
\
C1:[Suggest]I think it's clear that this relationship is coming to it's natural end. We all have to deal with endings in life, as sad as that may be. DNAME I suggest you spread your wings and go somewhere new. PNAME I think you should give these prince charmings a chance.\
C2:[Suggest]It's time to double down. You've been through so much together and are so close to something great, hold on as hard as you can.\
\
C1 - bad for ending, dragon is furious that they've split up and burns down the village\
C2 - bad ending, dragon and princess are stuck in frustrating relationship, princess elopes with knight if still alive, otherwise is unhappy\
\
C1:So we've had a couple of sessions now, how do you feel things are coming along?\
D2,1:I think things are great, we've had so much time together in recent days\
P2,1:Yeah, I guess things are going well.\
D2,1:I think we're pretty good here, so I guess we won't be needing you anymore counselor, any last points?\
\
C1:[Suggest]Well it sounds like we've sorted it all out. You two love-birds can ride of into the sunset now [you pat yourself on the back, your backpack now contains one backpat]\
C2:[Suggest]I'm not sure that we're quite there, I think you two should continue coming to therapy. Frankly I think there's a lot more for us to work on before you're **both** happy.\
\
C1 - unhappy ending for the princess, if the knight is still alive she elopes with him\
C2 - neutral ending, you get more gold\
\
C2:Well, we've been meeting for a time, we've taken concrete steps toward a new future for the two of you with your *adoption* of little BNAME there, how are we feeling?\
\
P2,1:Well I'm really happy about BNAME, I'm worried. I feel like we've grown more apart throughout this process. With the separation and now the baby I'm just feeling a lot of distance from DNAME.\
C2,1:DNAME?\
D2,1:I'm fine, it's fine, just tell us we're good and let us go.\
\
C1:[Suggest]I'm sorry but I don't think that we're  there yet, I think you two should continue coming to therapy. Frankly I think there's a lot more for us to work on before you're both happy.\
C2:[Suggest]While it's unfortunate, I think you two are no longer right for each other. It's normal to grow apart over time and I believe you should stay in each other's lives but, I don't think you *the couple* is working anymore.\
\
C1 - Neutral ending, more money\
C2 - The princess ends up happy and becomes a kickass mom. The dragon burns the village down\
\
P2,2:Well I'm so happy about BNAME. I feel like we've really come together in taking care of him, I knew that DNAME would make a fantastic mom.\
D2,2:Aww thanks honey.\
P2,2:But we still do have a long way to go, counselor what do you think?\
\
C1[Suggest]:I think we've made so much progress and I think you're ready to venture back out on your own. Be happy.\
C2[Suggest]:While I'm pleased with your progress I think there are still deep insecurities in your relationship that you need professional, well-compensated help for. Therapy should continue.\
\
C1 - best ending, happy couple\
C2 - neutral, you get more money, eventually the dragon sees through your shit and eats you}